Online, mobile offering to allow customers to easily find a Tuk Tuk driver that, given a specific location and time, identify available tuk tuks to transport either goods or people. 

Process 1: Transport Parcel
This process focuses only on the transportation of a parcel.

Participants are:
1. Tuk Tuk Owner:
Actual small business that own a fleet of tuk tuks. This participant will receive a payment for the transportation of the parcel, and will in turn be responsible for paying the driver, and any operational cost associated with running the tuk tuk service.

2. Driver
Drivers may or may not be an employee of the tuk tuk owner. 

3. Customer
The participant that has a requirement for a parcel to be transported from one location to another. This is the participant that is responsible for paying the Tuk Tuk owner for the service.

4. Sender
The participant from which the parcel to be transported will be picked up. May or may not be the Customer too.

5. Recipient
The participant to which the parcel will be delivered. May or may not be the customer too.
 
Parcel process
1. Customer provides sender location, sender cell number, pickup time, recipient location, delivery time, recipient cell number.
2. System lists the tuk tuks best suited to perform the transportation.
3. Customer selects one tuk tuk.
4. System sends the driver of the selected tuk tuk a notification
5. Driver confirms availability for the specific request.
6. Customer commits to transaction and funds are made available/set aside for the request. This is now legally binding.
7. System issues a tracking number and sends confirmation code to sender and recipient.
8. At the specified pickup time, the driver arrives at the pick up location and collects the parcel.
9. Sender confirms details of driver and vehicle and captures confirmation code on the system (the drivers device?).
10. System sends a confirmation to customer that parcel has been picked up.
11. When the driver gets within a certain distance of the destination, the recipient receives a notification that delivery is imminent
12. On arrival the recipient confirms the receipt of the parcel and captures the confirmation code on the system (again, the drivers's device?)
13. The customer receives a notification that the transaction has completed successfully and is given an opportunity to rate the service.
14. Payment is automatically effected.

Metrics:
On Time Delivery
Damage to parcels
CustomerSatisfaction
Breakdowns
Lost parcels
Distance Traveled
Fuel Consumption
Tuk Tuk Depreciation

